Suggest type hinting (#4390)
SciTools/iris: docs/src/developers_guide/contributing_code_formatting.rst

.. note:: You can also run `black`_ and `flake8`_ manually.  Please see the
          their officially documentation for more information.

Type Hinting
------------
Iris is gradually adding
`type hints <https://docs.python.org/3/library/typing.html>`_ into the

> codebase. Where possible please include/add type hints in code that you are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
codebase. If you feel confident to do so, please include/add type hints in code that you are
```

Author: I get what you're saying, but I feel it's something worth pushing for to a certain degree, despite the anticipated pain. It has been explained to me that typing is more than a helpful decoration - widespread typing makes the codebase more robust, and even allows for a smaller test suite.

So I'm cautious about making the language **too** forgiving. Can we have a third opinion @SciTools/iris-devs?

Reviewer 2: Can we put it onto the reviewer ?
suggest that reviewer "will consider"

Reviewer 2: Also @bjlittle suggests : especially new code

Author: 1212d263be1002f7b66e816220c8c9ecf7f907be
